Internal Review Branch (#20)
ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade: README.md

Reviewer: I know there's a hackmd with a lot of good info on details, design choices, and dev info. Let's make sure all of that gets added to the README

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade/pull/20/commits/e825ffaa68c3b442072dcb69c982535e01c3c1d3 and I added some clean up https://github.com/ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade/pull/20/commits/19b24ba900ebaa878b7faaaeb8d87f7a5fdc0040

# PoolTogether Governor Bravo Upgrade

An upgrade to a "Bravo" compatible Governor for the PoolTogether DAO, built using the OpenZeppelin implemented and [Flexible Voting](https://github.com/ScopeLift/flexible-voting).

#### Getting started

Clone the repo

```bash
git clone git@github.com:ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade.git
cd pooltogether-governor-upgrade
```

Copy the `.env.template` file and populate it with values

```bash
cp .env.template .env
# Open the .env file and add your values
```

```bash
forge install
forge build
forge test
```

### Formatting

Formatting is done via [scopelint](https://github.com/ScopeLift/scopelint). To install scopelint, run:

```bash
cargo install scopelint
```

#### Apply formatting

```bash
scopelint fmt
```

#### Check formatting

```bash
scopelint check
```

#### Scopelint spec compatibility

> Some tests will not show up when running `scopelint spec` because the methods they are testing are inherited in the `PoolTogetherGovernor`. In order to get an accurate picture of the tests with `scopelint spec` add an explicit `propose` method to the `PoolTogetherGoverno`r. It should look something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some tests will not show up when running `scopelint spec` because the methods they are testing are inherited in the `PoolTogetherGovernor`. In order to get an accurate picture of the tests with `scopelint spec` add an explicit `propose` method to the `PoolTogetherGovernor`. It should look like this:
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade/pull/20/commits/e857b73c3a2a48a7eb0049d5df1e57d52ca20194

> # PoolTogether Governor Bravo

Reviewer: nit, tweaked to be closer to the repo name and hopefully be a bit more clear on the repo's purpose
```suggestion
# PoolTogether Governor Bravo Upgrade
```

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/ScopeLift/pooltogether-governor-upgrade/pull/20/commits/1ae42d9caf6355f211f3b6c0c6951a4eee81d055
